This Privacy Policy applies to the information that Early Foundations and its affiliates (collectively “Early Foundations” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects and uses about you when you access its website at www.Early Foundations.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the websites, mobile applications or other services operated by our portfolio companies or others, unless this Privacy Policy is posted on any of those websites. By accessing the Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy describes the types of information we obtain about visitors to the Site, how we use the information and with whom we share it. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices. The Site is for a general audience, is not targeted to children and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 years of age. Categories of Personal Information We Collect Throughout this Privacy Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of personal information we collect from and about users. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), we are also required to provide you with the “categories” of personal information we collect. The categories we collect are: identifiers (such as name, address, email address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Services usage); general geolocation information (e.g., your city and state based on IP address or precise location, with your consent); and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND THE SOURCES OF SUCH INFORMATION. We collect information in multiple ways when you visit the Site, including when you provide information directly to us, and when we passively collect information from or about you, such as from your browser or device. We may combine all of the information we collect from or about you from these various sources. Information You Provide Directly to Us. We will collect any information that you provide to us. For example, if you contact us, we may collect certain information, such as your name, email address, company name, phone number, location and the contents of any message you send. If you are a Early Foundations investor, then we also may collect information you may submit in connection with obtaining investor benefits such as a government identifier or other verification information, but such information will be governed by a separate privacy notice that you will have received directly from us. Information We Collect Through Automated Means. We also collect information through automated and technical means as you browse or otherwise use our Site. Website Usage Information. As you browse or use the Site, we and our service providers (which are third party companies that work on our behalf to provide and enhance the Site) use a variety of technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting information about how you use the Site. For example, our servers automatically record certain information in server logs. These server logs may include information such as your web request, IP address, browser type and settings, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Site, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, mobile carrier, mobile device identifiers and information about the device you are using to access the Site, date and time stamp information and other such information. Location Information. We collect and process general information about the location of the device from which you are accessing the Site (e.g., approximate geographic location inferred from an IP address). Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. We and our service providers may also collect data about your use of the Site through the use of Internet server logs and online tracking technologies, like cookies and/or tracking pixels. A web server log is a file where website activity is stored. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you visit a website, that enables us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) understand the web pages you have visited; (iii) enhance your user experience by delivering content specific to your inferred interests; (iv) perform searches and analytics; and (v) assist with security administrative functions. Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, and/or email, and that are designed to provide usage information like clicks and to access user cookies. We and our service providers may also include Web beacons in email messages, newsletters and other electronic communications to determine whether the message has been opened and for other analytics, personalization and advertising. As we and our service providers adopt additional technologies, we may gather additional information through other methods. You can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g., Internet Explorer; Google Chrome; Mozilla Firefox; or Apple Safari). Note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED We and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes: For the purposes for which you provided it; To maintain, provide, and improve the Site; To prevent or address technical or security issues; To send you information or other communications, such as newsletters; To process and respond to your inquiries or to request your feedback; To identify you by your device(s) and to match your device(s) with other browsers or devices you use for the purpose of providing relevant and easier access to content and other operational purposes; To engage in internal analytics, research, and reporting; To comply with the law and protect the safety, rights, property or security of Early Foundations, the Site and the general public; and To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Site. We and our service providers may use the categories of personal information we collect from and about you for the following business and commercial purposes (as those terms are defined in applicable law): Our or our service provider’s operational purposes; Auditing consumer interactions on our site; Detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents and fraudulent or illegal activity; Bug detection and error reporting; Customizing content that we or our service providers display; Other uses such as reaching out to our site visitors; and Other uses about which we notify you. We may combine information that we collect from or about you (including automatically collected information) with information we obtain about you from our affiliates, subsidiaries and/or non-affiliated third parties, and use such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may aggregate and/or de-identify information collected through the Site. We may use aggregate or de-identified information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and analytics, and may also share such data with any third parties, including partners, affiliates, subsidiaries, services providers and others. HOW AND WHEN WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES We may disclose and/or share the categories of personal information identified above, as well as the specific types of information identified above under the following circumstances: Affiliates and Subsidiaries. We may share the information we collect within the Early Foundations family of companies. Service Providers. We may provide access to or share your information with certain entities that use the information only to perform services on our behalf. These service providers provide a variety of services to us, including without limitation sales, marketing, provision of content and features, analytics, data storage, security, fraud prevention and other services. Third parties for legal purposes. We may disclose information that we collect and maintain about you if we are required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, protect the rights, property, or safety of ourselves, our users, the public, or other third parties. Business Transactions. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, transfer of control, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets, or diligence associated with such matters, we may sell or transfer the information described in this Privacy Policy in connection with that transaction. Your information would remain subject to the promises and commitments contained in this Privacy Policy until such time, if any, as the acquiring party modifies it. We will comply with any additional mandatory restrictions to which such transfer is subject under applicable laws. WEBSITE ANALYTICS AND DO-NOT-TRACK Website Analytics. We may use third-party web analytics services on our Site to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar tools; engage in auditing, research or reporting; and provide certain features to you. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Notice Concerning Do Not Track. Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Site for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of opt-out mechanisms listed above. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals. To learn more about Do Not Track, you can do at: https://allaboutdnt.com/. DATA SECURITY We take reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and/or alteration of your information. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store. However, we cannot and do not guarantee that these measures will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose your information since despite our efforts, no Internet and/or other electronic transmissions can be completely secure. DATA TRANSFERS The Site is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using the Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer. DATA RETENTION We will hold your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy or as long as we are required or permitted to do so by law. Information may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICESYou may have certain rights with respect to your personal information under applicable law, including the rights to access, review, update, delete and correct inaccuracies in your personal information. For instance: LINKS TO AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, AND THIRD-PARTY SITES, APPS, AND SERVICES For your convenience and information, the Site may provide links to our affiliates’ and portfolio company’s sites, as well as those of non-affiliated third parties. Those entities have their own privacy notices or policies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any non-Early Foundations sites, apps or services. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our Site and/or advances in technology. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through the Site, so you should review the Privacy Policy periodically. We will comply with applicable legal requirements regarding providing you with notice and/or consent if we make a material change to this Privacy Policy. CONTACT US Please contact us at info@Early Foundations.com or (212) 301-0771 if you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, and we will try to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time.